README.md, before:

#adrez-mapp
```sh
npm install https://github.com/toxus/adrez-mapper.git --save
```
Convert a raw address record into the workable version for the AdreZ api

````javascript
const Record = require('adrez-mapper').AdrezRecord;
const Logger = require('logger');
const Lookup = require('adrez-mapper').Lookup;


class LocalLookup extends Lookup {
   // see Lookup for more options   
   async gender(fieldName, contactObj, defaults, data) {
     // do anything to data and return the type of address
     return 105;
   }
}
let logger = new Logger({toConsole: false});

const options = {
  // the default lookup
  lookup : new LocalLookup(),
}

let upd = new Record(options);
const fieldData = {
  contact: [{ name: 'Tester'}],
  telephone: [
    {type: 'mobile', telephoneInt: '06123455667'}, 
    {typeId: 2314, telephone: '021030120123012'}
    ]
}

let result = upd.convert('rec', fieldData, logger);
console.log(result)
    {
      contact: [
        { name: 'Tester'}
        ],
      telephone: [ 
        {typeId: 12345, value: '+31 123455667'},
        {typeId: 2314, value: '021030120123012'}
      ]
    }

````

[class Lookup](lookup.md)

## lookup function

The folling **baseType** can be expected:
- contact - value is **text** of type, result is the **typeId**
- telephone - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- email - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- code - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- extra - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- memo - value is **text**, result is the **id**

- country - value is the name of the country, result is the **countryId** 
- country.zipcode - value is the zipcode. Try to find a country for it. return **countryId** or **undefined**
- country.numberRight - value is the countryId. **true** if number is on the right.
- street - value is the Object: {zipcode, number, countryId}, result: the name of the **street**
- zipcode - value is the Object: {street, number, city, countryId}, result: the name of the **zipcode**
- zipcode - value is **zipcode**, try to find the country, returns the **countryId** or **undefined**
   
- gender - value is object {**firstName**, **title**, **subName**}, returns the **typeId**. It's allowed to modify the
**data** object to reflect the gender change. Return **false** or **undefined** if no change is needed. Overrules the 
record defined **typeId**, so **typeId** will be the default.
- contactFunction - the value is the textual definition of the function, returns the id
- contactSalutation the value is the salutation, returns the id


- campaign - find the type of campaign 
- campaignGroup - defines the group used in the campaign
- campaignCode - translates the type to the codeId
- campaignContact - translate the type in campaign-to-contact


&copy; MIT 2019 Toxus

Commit message:

added campaign.actionId, campaign.action

README.md, after:

#adrez-mapp
```sh
npm install https://github.com/toxus/adrez-mapper.git --save
```
Convert a raw address record into the workable version for the AdreZ api

````javascript
const Record = require('adrez-mapper').AdrezRecord;
const Logger = require('logger');
const Lookup = require('adrez-mapper').Lookup;


class LocalLookup extends Lookup {
   // see Lookup for more options   
   async gender(fieldName, contactObj, defaults, data) {
     // do anything to data and return the type of address
     return 105;
   }
}
let logger = new Logger({toConsole: false});

const options = {
  // the default lookup
  lookup : new LocalLookup(),
}

let upd = new Record(options);
const fieldData = {
  contact: [{ name: 'Tester'}],
  telephone: [
    {type: 'mobile', telephoneInt: '06123455667'}, 
    {typeId: 2314, telephone: '021030120123012'}
    ]
}

let result = upd.convert('rec', fieldData, logger);
console.log(result)
    {
      contact: [
        { name: 'Tester'}
        ],
      telephone: [ 
        {typeId: 12345, value: '+31 123455667'},
        {typeId: 2314, value: '021030120123012'}
      ]
    }

````

[class Lookup](lookup.md)

## lookup function

The folling **baseType** can be expected:
- contact - value is **text** of type, result is the **typeId**
- telephone - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- email - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- code - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- extra - value is **text**, result is the **id**
- memo - value is **text**, result is the **id**

- country - value is the name of the country, result is the **countryId** 
- country.zipcode - value is the zipcode. Try to find a country for it. return **countryId** or **undefined**
- country.numberRight - value is the countryId. **true** if number is on the right.
- street - value is the Object: {zipcode, number, countryId}, result: the name of the **street**
- zipcode - value is the Object: {street, number, city, countryId}, result: the name of the **zipcode**
- zipcode - value is **zipcode**, try to find the country, returns the **countryId** or **undefined**
   
- gender - value is object {**firstName**, **title**, **subName**}, returns the **typeId**. It's allowed to modify the
**data** object to reflect the gender change. Return **false** or **undefined** if no change is needed. Overrules the 
record defined **typeId**, so **typeId** will be the default.
- contactFunction - the value is the textual definition of the function, returns the id
- contactSalutation the value is the salutation, returns the id


- campaign - find the type of campaign 
- campaignGroup - defines the group used in the campaign
- campaignAction - defines the action of the campaign contact
- campaignCode - translates the type to the codeId
- campaignContact - translate the type in campaign-to-contact


&copy; MIT 2019 Toxus
